[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
[NARRATOR] It's not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict.
[RANDOM FISHMAN 554A] About time
you showed up, Straw Hat!
[RANDOM FISHMAN 554B]
I can't believe he came!
Wait, Luffy.
What did you call me?
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Just now.
It was almost my name, but--
Yeah. I was wrong about you.
You're a wuss,
but more than just a crybaby.
[gasps]
[LUFFY] So I'll call you
"Weepyhoshi." It's an upgrade.
[chuckles] Oh, yes.
You pirates will bow
the same as everyone else.
Just you wait.
You see?
These humans are more than
capable of holding their own,
yet they kneel before me.
That's right.
In a moment, you'll be
just like them, Straw Hats!
I'll be King of the Fishmen,
King of the Humans,
and King of the Pirates!
Is that so?
[HORDY]
We have a hundred thousand men!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
[ZORO, SANJI gasp]
[SANJI]
Hey, Luffy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE MM] Those
four million berries are mine!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE NN]
No, they're mine!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE OO]
It's too easy!
[HORDY laughs]
Kill him!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE PP yells]
What the hell just happened?!
But he didn't do anything!
And he still
knocked them all out!
[LUFFY]
Your name's Hordy, right?
I'm about to kick your ass.
You wanna become the king
of a country or whatever?
Fine, I don't care.
But King of the Pirates?
Nuh-uh.
That's my job.
[LUFFY] "Deadly Attacks
One After Another!
Zoro and Sanji Join the Battle!"
All that in one shot!
I've never seen power like that!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B]
So that's him.
That's Straw Hat Luffy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE C]
He's gonna mop the floor
with us for sure!
[ZEO]
Where do you think you're going?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE C gasps]
[ZEO] If you won't
stand with your people
on the day of our uprising,
I might as well kill you myself.
[ZEO]
It's true.
We may have lost 50,000,
but take heart.
We still have 50,000 left!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Yeah!
[ZEO] Those insufferable
Straw Hat Pirates
have sought to shatter
our dreams at every turn.
They must pay!
[ZEO]
The traitor Jimbei is no better!
He follows in
Otohime's footsteps
and befriends the humans!
But that is not the future
we Fishmen wish to create!
He's right! Straw Hat's
a damn human!
What the hell does he
know about our people?
And Jimbei.
If he wants to turn his back on
his brothers, kill him, too!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[ZORO]
Jeez.
You knocked out too many.
Leave some for me.
Oh, yeah. My bad.
Hey, don't get
ahead of yourself.
Huh?
I'm taking 30,000.
Got it, moss-head?
Shut up, dirty cook.
Ugh.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE F groans]
Ooh, it looks like we've
got a full house tonight!
Okay. Thankfully,
I've got just the jam
to start this battle off right!
Oh, yeah!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
I'm not sure, Brook.
I don't think they
came here to see you.
[BROOK laughs]
Robin's cool as always.
Or just cold.
No way. They didn't even
listen to your speech!
[ZEO] Because I used
my inside voice again!
Huh?
He's got way too much
pride to admit it!
[HORDY]
Kill them!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
You're dead now!
Don't mess with us!
Okay! Go, Third Gear!
Just come at me!
I'll take all of you!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
His arm is--
I know! It's huge!
Here goes! Giant Pistol!
Quick! We had better assist him!
Damn, Luffy. Wait for us.
[SANJI]
I have to help.
I can't bear to see
tears in those eyes.
[JIMBEI] Singlehandedly,
you were a defender.
Protecting the virtues
of others, day after day.
But today, we're here.
We'll protect them for you.
If I can't wipe the tears
from a pretty girl's eyes,
I'm no man at all!
Let me go and teach
'em a thing or two.
After this, we can celebrate
over drinks at the Mermaid Café.
What do ya say?
Stop yapping and fight!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
[SANJI]
Collier Shoot!
[groans]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
This is heaven for me.
I won't let you destroy it!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
You still don't wanna give up?
Well, more fun for me.
[ZORO]
One hundred and eight...
...Caliber Phoenix!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
What are you lookin'
at? Let's fight!
I was thinking.
This island is teeming with
invaluable
archaeological resources.
The way you're rampaging
around and damaging it--
You ought to be ashamed!
The people.
The kingdom.
They're all treasures.
Trienta Fleurs.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES gasp]
What's happening?
And Clutch!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groan]
[BROOK]
Look at that crowd!
They're ready to rock! Ye-ow!
--[BROOK humming]
--[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES humming]
[BROOK]
Everybody say "whoo"!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Whoo!
[giggles]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groan]
You've all been a lovely
audience today. [laughs]
Gotcha now, little guy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES chuckling]
[CHOPPER]
Kung Fu Point!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groan]
Hwa!
Whoa! He got bigger!
Heh. I'll take you
all on. Bring it!
Hwa! Hwa! Hwa, hwa!
Dude! What kinda
raccoon are you?
Oh, that is the last straw!
[USOPP]
Special Attack, Green Star.
Devil!
Huh? Aah! Help me!
Take this! And this!
And this, too!
Had enough?
They call me the
Pop Green Master.
I'm the all-powerful Usopp'n!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE V screams]
[USOPP]
Huh?
Hey, nice timing, Nami!
And here I thought
you'd gotten stronger
over those two years.
Guess I was wrong. [gasps]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
This fight's starting to get
super exciting now, huh?
I'd say a 50,000 man brawl
is the perfect time to
take them for a test drive.
Test drive?
Did you say "them"? Them who?
The Sunny just got
two brand-new weapons.
Big ones!
You guys wanna see 'em?
[BOTH]
Yeah! Of course we do!
[FRANKY]
Wow! Super!
[USOPP]
So what are they? Show us!
[CHOPPER]
I gotta know!
You think we'll be safer
on the ship than out here?
See for yourself! However
badass you think it's gonna be,
it's ten times better than that!
You're all... so strong!
I don't believe this!
You sorry wimps didn't
even put up a fight!
[HORDY]
Tch.
You should keep an eye
on your princess.
[HORDY chuckles]
That's a pretty big target!
She's mine now!
Water Shot!
[LUFFY gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
[SHIRAHOSHI screams]
[LUFFY gasps]
They didn't need me after all.
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Huh?
[ZEO]
What happened?
[DARUMA screams]
Did you see that crap?
He deflected Captain Hordy's
Water Shot with his own!
Like it was nothing at all!
I am so done with that
big, blue traitor!
He's as much trouble as
Straw Hat! Maybe more!
Ha. That raw power of yours
is harnessed very poorly.
Your Fishman Karate needs work.
Wait a minute. I've heard
stories about this guy.
He was the first Fishman
to join the Seven Warlords!
Yeah, and then
after he resigned,
his bounty jumped up to four
hundred million berries, right?
This is hopeless!
We can't win against that guy!
Why don't you fools stop
chattering and start fighting!
If you intend to
kill the princess,
you'll have to square
with the rest of us first.
Well, what are you waiting for?
There is nothing left for you
lot but to go forth and fight!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
[grunts, gasps]
You've gotta be kidding!
[ZORO]
This is boring.
[ZEO]
Such impertinence.
[ZEO] I would advise you to hold
your tongue for the time being.
[ZEO] At least until you've
broken through our defenses!
[ZORO]
Heh.
Hope you're not
attached to that sword.
I'll smash it to bits! [yells]
[ZEO]
Go forth. Iron Shell Squad!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yell]
[ZORO]
Hmph.
Please!
Will you train me
as a swordsman?
[ZORO panting]
Copying Hawk-eye.
Right down to that
oversized sword.
[HUMANDRILLS shriek]
They're nothing but weaklings!
I'm wasting my
damn time with this!
[ZORO grunting]
[ZORO]
Damn it.
How many times is this
gonna happen to me?
I said I was gonna
get stronger, didn't I?
[ZORO] I swear, I'm never
going to lose again!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
Three-Sword Style.
[ZORO]
Black Rope Tatsumaki!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE AB gasps]
He cut through their shells!
It's like they were
made outta cheese!
What the hell?
They all dropped like flies!
Is this guy the
grim reaper or what?
It's not over.
[gasps]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE EE]
This is sick!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE FF]
It's a sword hurricane!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE GG]
Run, you're gonna get cut!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE HH] How long
is this thing gonna last?!
Until you get to hell.
[BOTH scream]
Ugh, why don't you
idiots use your brains?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES grunt]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE AH]
Inflate your bubbles! Let's go!
Attack from the sky!
Kill Princess Shirahoshi!
[gasps]
So it's like that?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE AI]
Move it.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE II screams]
Watch out. We'll stab you!
Go, Harisenbon!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE JJ screams]
It's the Sea Urchin Spike Unit.
And their leader Harisenbon!
Before you do anything else,
take out the kicking guy!
Hari-sen-bon!
Well? What are you
gonna do now, huh?
Sanji! Do be careful!
How can you be so calm
at a time like this?
Hey!
[SANJI]
It's been a while since then.
[QUEENS]
Sanji!
[SANJI]
I ran like hell.
[CAROLINE]
Come back, candy boy!
[SANJI]
Over my dead body!
[CAROLINE] I brought my
favorite dress just for you!
Why don't you try it on?
[RANDOM QUEEN A]
Don't be shy, it's just us!
[SANJI] That's not
the problem! Forget it!
[SANJI screaming]
[SANJI]
Through the rain, and the snow.
Through thunder and lightning.
I never stopped.
[HARISENBON] Say your prayers,
you stubborn bastard!
Aren't you adorable!
You can't just run away
from us forever, you know.
One of these days we're certain
to catch right up to you!
[QUEENS]
Oh, Sanji!
[SANJI]
I've gotten myself out of
tougher spots than
this, haven't I?
[QUEENS]
Sanji!
Damn you!
Can't win! Don't fight!
[SANJI]
Did I already forget everything
that happened back at Sabaody?
[QUEENS]
Sanji!
I need those recipes
if I want to get stronger.
And taking them down
is the only way.
Bring it on!
[QUEENS]
Candy boy!
There's no escape, Sanji!
[QUEENS]
You're all mine!
[laughs] Goodness gracious.
Now you're all
surrounded, aren't you?
[SANJI gasps]
[QUEENS]
Sanji!
Sanji darling!
Sweetheart sugar-bear!
[SANJI] My courage had left me,
and there was nowhere to run.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
[SANJI]
Then--
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES groaning]
What the? He's gone! Huh?
[SANJI]
I found a new path.
[QUEENS]
Sanji, wait!
[SANJI]
And then, before long...
...I was flying!
He can fly?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[SANJI]
Ha, ha!
Sky Walk!
Awesome!
Sanji can walk on air now!
Like those other guys!
"Sky Walk." Oh, I see.
Not "Moon Walk"?
[SANJI]
Hey, scumbags!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE KK]
Whoa!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE LL]
He's flying!
[SANJI] If you've got something
to say to the princess,
you'll have to go
through me first!
'Cause I just happen to be
her knight in shining armor!
Thank you, Sanji!
Are you some kinda wise guy?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Boo!
Let's cook these small fries!
Diable Jambe!
Poele a Frire-Spectre!
[grunting]
Hey, Hordy.
[HORDY]
Hm?
It's almost over.
So you can just sit tight.
You can send a hundred thousand,
or ten million guys after us.
But every single one of them
is going down, you hear me?
[NARRATOR] Brook and Robin
tear through the battlefield
with their new skills,
forcing the New Fishman
Pirates to counterattack
with their Deadly Venom Squad.
Not to be outdone,
Franky shows off a new weapon
of monumental proportions.
His crewmates are dazzled,
but Hordy may have something
even more impressive in store.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Unveiled! The Secret
Weapons of the Sunny!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!